Previously
on All Rise.
Have you narrowed
down your selection?
Picking Choi's replacement
as head deputy DA
should not be my job.
Miss Sara Castillo!
Know what you're
getting yourself into?
I am looking forward
to helping victims
and witnesses
become survivors.
Holistic law is not just
about defending clients,
you represent them
in landlord tenant disputes,
immigration proceedings,
child custody battles.
Sherri Kansky,
we're hear regarding
an investigation
into alleged impropriety
in the election
of Judge Lola Carmichael.
The election
could be nullified.
I could
lose my judgeship.
♪ You make me feel
Like it's a Sunday morning ♪
- What you're trying to start?
- A good morning?
♪ And we can't
Turn forever off ♪
♪ 'Cause we ain't got
The pressure on us ♪
She can crawl
out of her crib?
She's been trying
for a few days now.
Aww.
I guess she figured it out.
Probably time
to lower the crib mattress.
And don't worry,
we can finish
what we started later tonight,
'cause Uncle Marcus
is babysitting.
Mm-hmm.
For now,
let me get ready for work.
Okay.
♪ When I look at you
♪ We know what it is
You got
a full slate?
It's Sherri.
Things just haven't
been quite right with us
and I don't know
how to fix it.
Give her some time.
The Public Integrity Unit
hearing coming up
isn't helping
to ease the tension either.
Sherri did
nothing wrong,
you guys will
find your way back.
And they've got
nothing on you.
Isn't that
right, Bailey?
Thank you.
♪ You make me feel
Like it's a Sunday morning ♪
- Bye, husband.
- Bye, wife.
Ness still isn't picking up?
This is Ness, leave a message.
Failing the bar
is a tough blow.
Just give her time.
I know, I just want
to make sure she's doing okay.
She'll be fine.
She'll be back.
I can't pick up.
My own office
is investigating her election.
The Public Integrity Unit
is a different department.
Still the DA's office.
Mark,
it could be about Bailey
See?
Pull yourself together.
If it's
stressing you out so much,
why don't you see
if you can find out more?
You are head deputy.
Interim head deputy.
Want me to pick up
all the baby stuff up
after work?
No, I got it.
I'm going to leave work early.
Okay, bye. Bye.
Hey, Mark, yeah,
my new roommate's
moving in today.
Yeah,
I shouldn't be much longer.
Oh, there he is.
All right.
I will be there shortly.
- Hi, roomie.
- Hey, Zachary.
Oh, I thought
I mentioned
the place
is fully furnished, so...
Is that a coffin?
Oh, geez, no, that's
a illusion box.
A what now?
- A illusion box.
- It's for work.
- I thought you said
you worked in entertainment.
Correct.
I'm a magician.
And from now on,
you're going to be
on my VIP list
to see me perform
- at the Magic Castle.
- Ooh.
Okay, well,
I am late for work, so...
Will you be all right?
Oh, honey, don't worry.
I have everything I need.
Perfect.
Thank you so much.
Who's the second one for?
For me.
They are both for me.
I love my nephews,
but they have
twice the energy I do.
How long are you staying
with your brother?
Till I find a place.
I now regret selling my house.
You know,
you can stay with me.
I mean, on the couch,
and I promise, I do not have
a lot of
energy these days.
Because you said your
nephews had a lot of energy.
No strings attached.
I'm barely home.
I'm just trying
to give you options.
No, I know.
I just--
I appreciate it, I'd--
- but--
- Right.
So you got a case?
Yeah, mayhem.
A young mom
who allegedly threw
a pot of boiling water
on her landlady.
I'm on my way
to meet her now.
Oh, wait,
so that means you got the job?
I did,
I'm officially
with
Free Counsel Initiative now.
Hell yeah.
Emily Lopez
working for the biggest
pro-bono
law firm in the world?
No pressure,
no, none whatsoever.
So Carol tells me
there's a new PD
- coming in from San Francisco.
- Yeah. Olivia.
She's second chair
in my next case.
- What's your case?
- It's ridiculous.
We're defending
a rat thief.
Yeah. The guy stole
a two-headed rat from a lab.
- Two heads, wow.
- There are more important cases
going on
and I get assigned this.
Ah, ah, ah, no.
You are
a public defender now.
Every case
is important, okay?
Remember that.
I'm running late, I got to go.
You'll be great.
Catch up soon?
You know
where to find me.
And congrats
on the new job.
Thanks.
Mrs. Neal showed up
when I was making dinner
for my kids
and we got into an argument.
What was
the argument about?
She wanted
to raise rent again.
At this point
she's just taking advantage.
So this has been
an ongoing issue.
Yeah, I mean,
the lease says
I have the first
five days to pay,
but if I don't drop
a check off on the first,
she just loses it.
How did
Mrs. Neal get burned?
She got too close to me,
and I pushed her.
She lost balance and nocked
this pot down off the stove.
The hot water
fell on her.
She had third
and fourth degree burns.
And I feel bad about that,
but it was a total accident.
Do you have any witnesses
that can corroborate this?
Yeah, my kids.
But I don't want
to get them involved in this.
They've been
through a lot already.
I haven't
seen them in weeks.
I am all they have.
Charlotte,
I am going to do
my best
to get you out of custody
so they can be with you
before and during the trial.
- Black Americano.
- I am not doing
caffeine for now,
but thank you.
Smart.
Healthy. I like it.
The Public Integrity Unit
has requested
we both speak to them
in connection
with their investigation.
Well,
we've been expecting that.
I know
what I'm going to say,
but I don't know
what you're going to say.
Maybe we should
link up our statements.
Teddy Biswas
can you just join the office.
They're still
bribing you to get the job?
Well,
trying unsuccessfully.
But yeah, I really need
to pick someone soon.
Take your time.
Choi isn't easy to replace.
And I do not see
you reporting to Maggie Palmer.
So, listen,
you're going to be
prosecuting a woman
charged with mayhem.
Defense attorney
is Emily Lopez.
I can handle Emily.
Thanks, boss.
I'm not your boss.
You are today, boss.
Boss.
Yeah,
this is Mark Callan,
interim head deputy.
Can I get
the name of the DDA
who approved the election
impropriety investigation?
Yeah.
There are less
restrictive means
that the court
should employ instead of bail.
Your Honor,
house arrest isn't an option.
The owner
of Miss Collins' apartment
is the victim here.
The victim?
Well,
that's still in dispute.
Miss Lopez.
I'm sorry,
Your Honor, I'm sorry.
I believe the Southland
Women's Reentry Center
would be a great place
for my client to await trial.
We satisfied
protection of the public,
and she gets to maintain
custody of her children.
A center, like rehab?
- Where would the children live?
- With her, Your Honor.
Many women
live there with their children.
It's an alternative
to incarceration for women.
And there's
treatment involved.
Yes, Your Honor.
My client
has no drug use history,
but she has admitted
to heavy drinking
and impulse control.
She would get AA meetings
and anger management therapy.
Miss Foster,
any opposition to this?
I object, Your Honor.
We're here to bring
justice and protect victims,
not reward
criminals with safe havens.
I am granting
the defense's motion.
Keeping everyone safe
not only includes the victim,
but also innocent children
and we can
achieve both.
Miss Collins
is conditionally released
to a representative
from the Southland
Women's Reentry Center.
I will see
everyone in two days
for the pretrial conference.
That will be the order.
Court is adjourned.
Thrilled to go
to war with you again.
Always a pleasure.
Welcome back
to the HOJ Miss Lopez.
Thank you.
What's a gift card up to?
About 30,
give or take.
Oh, great.
I got another one
here for you.
I need you to advise
on the LAPD smash
and grab task force.
So why are you here?
You approve
the investigation
into Lola Carmichael's
campaign.
Why?
And why is it still going on?
If I didn't approve it,
someone else would have.
The evidence is tenable.
What's tenable
about a seminar?
This feels more
like a political hit job to me.
So, you know, who's behind it?
- Fred Martin Moore?
- Okay, easy.
Callan, that's too far.
- Was it the Crenshaw District?
- This isn't about Martin Moore,
and it's not
about Crenshaw anymore.
Maybe you need
to bring your friends down
from the pedestal
you've put them on.
Fine,
I'll find out another way.
If you use any resources
from our office for this,
you're done.
Like I said,
I'll find out another way.
Dr. Jill,
do you swear to tell the truth,
the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth?
- I do, Your Honor.
- Be seated.
Mr. Berger,
your witness.
Dr. Jill.
What is your occupation?
I'm the chief scientist
at Vanguard Labs.
I oversee the operations
and I coordinate
scientific research.
Do you see anyone else
from Vanguard Labs
in this room?
Mr. Park,
he worked with us in tech,
and he stole
my research.
The witness
has identified the defendant.
- And by research, you mean?
- A rat.
They were
experimenting with it.
- It was animal abuse.
- You know what bothers me more
than the unvaccinated?
Interruptions.
Won't happen again,
Your Honor.
Dr. Jill,
could you explain
- why you test on animals?
- Some experimental models
are impossible
to replicate in human subjects.
When a new drug
is being created,
it's unethical for us
to start with humans.
We need to test
on animals first
until we make sure it's
safe to transition to humans.
So it's necessary?
Absolutely.
We're saving lives.
Stick to answering
the questions
about the seminar only.
What else
would they question me about?
Well, I wouldn't be surprised
if they come up with threats
or false accusations
to throw you off.
- Why would they do that?
- Sometimes they bluff
to scare you
off something bigger
so that the issue at hand
seems smaller to confess to.
I thought those tactics
were only used with criminals.
- Not exactly.
- Why would they treat me
like a criminal before giving
me the chance to clarify.
- Miss Kansky, I'm only try--
- I have nothing to hide.
- Your Honor--
- Okay.
Why don't we
take a break?
Great idea.
I'm starving.
Sherri,
it will be fine.
We just tell the truth,
do what David Sanders tells us,
and we will be laughing
about this in a couple of days.
Your Honor,
this is turning out to be
a lot more serious
than I initially thought
and I'm willing to resign
to avoid any blowback on you.
What? Sherri, no!
We are in this together.
I get
that she's a single mom,
but I also need
my money on time.
Walk us through
the night, Mrs. Neal.
I could smell
alcohol on her breath.
She'd been drinking.
She got aggressive.
I told her
I would call the cops.
She was making dinner.
And before I knew it,
she threw a pot
of boiling water at me.
I will look like this forever.
Mrs. Neal,
what you went through
is very traumatic.
Have you considered
joining a support group
or getting
individual therapy?
I would love
to provide you some options.
We'll do his charge.
Give me one
that works for you.
Assault by means likely
with a great bodily
injury enhancement.
The max
would be seven years.
Can we drop the enhancement
and do time suspended?
No, I am not going along
with a non-strike in this case.
Your client's
actions were extreme
and the victim's
injuries are permanent.
Look, she has two kids
that will end up
in the system
if she does any prison time.
Okay, how about
plead with strike
for probation
and four year suspended?
Okay, but I am
not agreeing to her staying
in the Women's Reentry Center.
That program is new
and there is not enough
data that supports
the recovery rate
that they claim to have.
I'm not pleading guilty,
Mr. Watkins. I'm sorry.
Berger offered
a good deal.
The rat was abused,
and the lab isn't even working
on meds or cures
for illnesses.
They're working
on a new weight loss pill.
And fashion vitamins
to sell on Instagram.
Capitalism
disguised as wellness.
And that's exactly
what I'll say on the stand.
Kevin, the lab
and the work that they do
are not on trial here,
you are.
It does explain
his motive, though.
This is the picture
I took of the rat
when I saved its life.
Whoa. What is that?
Its second head.
I get why you did
what you did, Kevin.
It was very noble.
It'll be uphill battle,
but it's one worth fighting.
But we don't have
a strong defense
and Berger
is not an easy opponent.
We'll just
have to use what we know
- about him against him.
- What do you mean?
Berger hates surprises,
and he's not much
of an animal lover.
- Are you suggesting--
- We surprise him.
Oh, Mr. Callan.
What brings you
to the Public Integrity Unit?
You know,
I'm just stretching my legs.
They put me
in charge
of finding
a replacement for Choi
and let me tell you,
the options are lacking.
Oh, yeah.
Do you think that one of you
can help me find this file?
Oh, I'll get it.
He's a junior DA.
Doesn't have
access to this.
Thank you.
She's fast.
All right.
Hey.
Good to see you.
Hey, Robin...
I need you to look
into something for me,
and you cannot tell Lola.
How are they?
Better,
now that we're together.
Thank you
so much, really.
You're welcome.
I'll be right back, okay?
So listen,
I think I got them
as low as they're
going to go, okay?
Plead to a strike
for probation
and four years suspended.
- Four years in prison?
- No, I'm sorry.
Suspended means
that you will only serve
the time
if you violate probation.
And we both know
that you are
not going to do that.
I didn't do this either,
didn't hurt anyone.
I know, but you need
to plead to the assault
to get the deal.
If not,
we go to trial.
And if we lose,
you could go to prison.
What about
my green card?
I mean, if it's on my record
that I assaulted someone
could it be taken away?
You're not a citizen?
No, I'm Canadian.
Could I get deported?
Why am I hearing
about this now?
I figured
it was in the file.
No, it wasn't.
Is this a problem?
It is.
We are--
we are back to square one.
I need to--
I'll be in touch.
You two
will do great tomorrow.
Think of this as an opportunity
to clarify things.
- Thank you, David.
- Thank you.
Please, I have to
get back to work.
I believe
a little bit of distance
between you and Miss Kansky
might be necessary.
Oh, okay.
Mark and I
do this all the time
- whenever we have a case.
- Let me rephrase,
this thing
with the Public Integrity Unit
could get really ugly.
I think
you should consider
letting Miss Kansky go.
- Hey.
- Hey, I heard about the plea.
You know,
I just-- I wish Mrs. Neil
would get some justice.
She is terrified
of retaliation,
and she does have a point.
Your client has a history
of anger management issues.
But no history
of assaulting people, okay?
For all we know,
Mrs. Neal could be lying
- about what happened.
- She has no motive to lie.
Your client,
on the other hand,
doesn't want
to lose her kids,
but doesn't
want them to testify.
I mean,
I know she loves them,
but maybe
she's the one that's lying.
It's our first case
on opposite sides.
Mr. Lopez,
finally made your way back.
Hey, Callan.
Wow, I didn't know
you were a hugger.
I guess I just
miss kicking your ass in court.
Oh, you mean getting
your ass kicked in court?
All right, well,
good to have you back.
Oh, hey, I'm sorry.
Sorry that you're still
playing for the wrong team.
If you're
looking for my team,
Carol Foster's
looking for you outside.
- Hi, Sara.
- Hi.
I am taking
a holistic approach
with Kiara, too,
instead of barging
in her office,
I'm going to
buy her a drink.
- Good luck.
- Thanks.
Sherri?
- Sara.
Where have you been?
For a moment,
I thought your roommate
made you disappear.
You've been
sitting on that one.
[giggling
What's his name again?
Oh, Zachary Holmes.
Holmes,
that's such a stage name.
Yeah, it must be.
So, how are you feeling
about the hearing tomorrow?
I don't know.
Feels like
she trusts David Sanders
- more than me.
- What?
No way.
No, he just knows
the ins and outs
of campaigning,
and she values his opinion.
But she used to value mine.
Now it's clear
that I'm just her clerk.
Sherri,
you are a huge gift to us.
To me,
and especially
to Judge Carmichael,
she loves you.
Don't devalue yourself.
You don't have to be
so strong all the time.
May I give you
a ride home?
Come on.
Only if you
promise to tell me
all about Mr. Holmes.
I don't know
what I'm going to walk into
when I get home tonight.
So I read the file
on the investigation
into Lola's campaign.
I don't like
where this is going.
It started
with Sherri's seminar,
but it led
to something way bigger.
Half a million dollars
was transferred
from Lola's account
- and some other random account.
- What?
Who would Lola send that
ridiculous amount of money to?
Not Lola,
Sherri was the admin.
She was in charge
of the petty cash
for the whole campaign.
Sherri would never
do something like that.
Of course not,
but, Amy, this is all bad.
Lola could get indicted if--
- Don't say anything.
- Not on my life.
Hey. Oh, my--
Okay, so she's been
really trying,
but she's not quite
fully potty trained.
We got
potty training instructions
and bedtime instructions.
If you need anything,
give us a call.
Won't be necessary.
Bailey is number one fan
of her Uncle Mark,
and whatever
I can't handle I know Amy can.
We're so excited.
Now, you guys go,
have a good time.
We got this. Okay.
She's in good hands.
You take care
of your Uncle Mark, okay?
She's got me.
All right, go.
Get out of here.
We got it.
Wait, you're telling me
that your dad
is friends with Carver?
I knew him
as Uncle Carver growing up.
So my dad
also wanted to be a lawyer,
but he dedicated his life
to me instead as a single dad.
- He must be proud.
- Very.
Now, what are we
really doing here?
Okay, the deal
no longer works for my client.
Charlotte
is a Canadian citizen.
She has a green card,
and I totally missed it.
Maybe you didn't.
Clients lie
and hide things all the time.
But don't be
too hard on yourself.
I'm going to do
that for you
if you don't come back
with a fair deal.
I need to talk
to an immigration expert
to find out
what charges my client
can safely plead to
without suffering
adverse
immigration consequences.
I won't object
to a continuance.
Thank you.
I know you've been
objecting to this,
but would you be
open to a sentence
at the Women's Reentry Center
this time around?
Absolutely not.
I'd rather go to trial.
I need
an immigration safe deal.
Look, I appreciate
this new approach, Emily.
The drinks
and the casual chitchat.
But I'm still
a prosecutor.
I need a deal
that works for both of us.
It's okay Bailey,
I'm just
texting with Dad,
we're just figuring
a few things out, that's all.
Okay,
sending now, yeah.
Hey, are you serious?
We used that--
Do you have
a better idea?
Because
I would love to hear it.
Please, come over here
and enlighten me, Callan.
You doing good.
She's stressed out, right?
Okay.
Never mind. No big deal.
No big deal, right?
It's our--
Her dad texts
like my dad.
Can you believe
David Sanders suggested
that I fire Sherri?
I mean,
are things really that bad?
What am I missing?
Sorry babe.
I got it.
Okay.
We're doing great.
You--
you're doing--
Oh, my God, hey,
it's happening again.
No, it's happening right now.
I need it.
Hold on, I'm coming.
Is she supposed to poop
through the thing?
I don't think
she needs it anyway.
Oh, my God.
What did she eat?
Who the hell
keeps texting you?
A mom from the park.
Juan's mom,
little Juanito
that Bailey plays with,
the little Mexican kid.
A mom?
I need a drink.
Me too.
She's finally asleep.
This is great.
This is great?
Mark, she ate,
like, 20 prunes.
It's a high fiber diet.
How did she even get to them?
It could've killed her.
We almost killed
little Carmichael.
I thought
it was normal.
Can you
imagine this for us?
Mark, I know you want Lola
to trust you with Bailey,
but you need to tell her.
You scared us,
little Carmichael.
Yes, you did.
This smells wonderful.
We did great.
- We?
- Who do you think
made this delicious sauce?
Why is a woman texting you
while we're trying
- to have dinner?
- I'm sorry.
And what the hell is she
texting you about this late?
- She needed a--
- We're supposed to be having
a romantic dinner
to ourselves.
And I am worried
about Sherri
and this hearing,
and it really hurts my feelings
that I can't even
talk to you about it
because you're too busy
texting Juanito's mom.
It's Mark.
What?
I'm not texting a mom.
Mark is struggling
with Bailey.
He made me promise not to say
anything to you about it,
because he really
wants you to trust him.
- What's going on with Bailey?
- He said
she ate something
that made her sick.
He said she's asleep now,
- but maybe we should--
- Yeah, we should go.
Hi, mama.
I know,
I know, I know.
Okay.
I'll get their stuff.
Thank you.
Look, I really hate
that I can't
talk about this with Lo,
but if it helps her
here's what you asked for.
Sherri did
make the transfer?
All information
about the receiving account
is on the last page.
That will
give you some answers.
Where did
you get this?
I didn't.
I never touched it.
I'm told the defense
has new evidence.
The people object,
Your Honor.
This is late discovery.
It's why I don't have
birthday parties.
I hate surprises.
Your Honor,
we are arguing
a necessity defense
on behalf of our client.
Kevin stole the rat
to save it
from monstrous
experiments and abuse.
You need to see it
with your own
eyes to understand.
Hang on, you're
bringing in the rat?
Mr. Watkins,
you really lost it.
You think the judge
will allow this?
- I'll allow it.
- Excuse me?
Bailiff,
bring in the rat.
Here we go.
Oh, no.
Huh.
Poor little thing.
Do you need a moment,
Mr. Berger?
I-- I do, Your Honor.
Pardon me,
I-- I'm not sure
what's
coming over me.
I thought that
he wouldn't like the rat.
Your Honor,
I am moving to dismiss
in the interest
of justice.
Thank you, Clayton.
Berger. And I did not
do this for you, Mr. Watkins.
Nice work Kevin.
Good job, Olivia.
Were you in charge
of Judge Carmichael's
bank account?
I was the admin, yes.
That means
that every transaction movement
- would have to go through you?
- Correct.
What can you tell us
about the $500,000 transfer
that was made
on July 13th?
$500,000?
This is the first time
I'm seeing this.
Did anyone instruct you
to make that transfer?
- Judge Carmichael perhaps?
- No.
- So were you acting alone?
I saw the files.
So you saw
the evidence of the transfer.
I would have
done the same...
approving
the investigation.
The Callan
version of an apology,
ladies and gentlemen.
I don't want
to know what that is.
I told you that
if you used our resources--
I didn't.
The Justice Department?
We need to submit
this as evidence.
Did you
instruct Miss Kansky
to make this transfer?
Do you have
another campaign account
that we don't
know about, Judge Carmichael?
No, I do not.
Whose account is this?
I don't know.
When did you
instruct Miss Kansky
to make the transfer?
You already
asked that question
and my answer
remains the same. I didn't.
All right.
Sounds like Miss Kansky
was keeping you
in the dark.
If she wasn't
instructed by you,
who do you think
she was instructed by?
Judge Carmichael,
could you step out
for a moment, please?
I spoke with some
immigration attorneys.
They all agree
that I should ask
the D.A. to let you plead
to a felony false imprisonment
for a probation.
False imprisonment?
Yeah.
It's the safest choice.
It won't get you
in trouble with immigration.
And you would get
to spend most of your probation
completing a program
here at the center.
Oh, okay.
I'll do whatever
you think is best.
I trust you, Miss Lopez.
Is there anything else
that you have not told me?
No, and I
didn't lie to you.
It's just--
It's hard to keep up
with so much going on.
I know it's--
it is a lot.
I swear I didn't do
anything to Mrs. Neal.
You should see
the threatening
messages she's sent me.
every time
I don't pay on the first.
I do actually have
evidence to back that up.
The burns she got
were very serious.
And I know
if we didn't argue that night,
this wouldn't
have happened.
But I was the one
who took her to the hospital.
I spent the night with her
and she still blames me.
Thank you
for your patience.
New evidence
was submitted
and we needed time
to corroborate.
The transfer was made
using this Kansky's log in,
but it came
from a different IP address.
We highly recommend
to heighten security
to ensure
this doesn't happen again.
For now, it's safe to say
that there is no evidence
that suggests
election impropriety
was committed
by either of you.
But we do have a couple
more questions for you.
What can you tell us
about David Sanders?
Only three people had access
to this campaign account,
Sherri, me and you.
It's normal
campaign practice.
Normal and illegal.
I'll pay the fine
if it goes that far.
Is that all
you have to say?
Money's
moved around all the time.
Only that this time
we had Karim Kuthbird
sticking her nose
in our business.
An I am glad that she did.
I'll put
the money back right away.
- No one even noticed.
- But somebody did notice.
Sherri got
locked out of the account
and thought
it was suspicious activity.
And then
when she got back in,
she just thought
it was a glitch.
I'll apologize
to Miss Kansky myself.
Your actions
override an apology.
You were willing
to throw Sherri under the bus.
If this evidence
hadn't come forward
I could
have lost my seat.
And the entire time
you sat up here advising us
as if you had
no idea what was going on?
It was never my intention
to get you in any trouble.
I would never do
anything to hurt you.
But you did.
You and I are done.
Now, get the hell
out of my chambers.
I can't get on board
with false imprisonment.
It doesn't
fit the facts.
We all know
it is immigration safe.
False imprisonment
and a sentence
to the Women's Reentry Center.
I wish
our American citizens
can get this
kind of special treatment.
Your Honor,
I have copies of text messages
that prove
the alleged victim
has been
threatening my client
for a long time.
I'm not
asking too much,
considering
the circumstances.
Sounds like
we should just try this case.
As a former prosecutor,
I understand
where you're
coming from Miss Foster,
but after taking
a look at the work
that the center does
and seeing the progress reports
on the defendant,
I believe this
is the right place for her.
Your Honor, if I may--
No, you may not, Miss Foster.
I'm not finished.
If you reject
the counter offer
and this case
proceeds to trial,
I will almost certainly
sentence the defendant
to the Women's Reentry Center
if she is found guilty.
So you can choose,
if you would like
to take the short
or the long route
to the same result.
I have been looking
everywhere for you.
I was so worried.
I apologize
for missing the hearing.
Sherri, I think
that we should talk.
Let's go grab
some dinner, drinks.
Judge Carmichael,
I have come
to appreciate my time
as your assistant.
And I'd like
to inform you
that I have put in
for my transfer request
to Delgado's courtroom.
Sherri, it's over now.
I cut ties
with David Sanders.
Glad, you did,
was that for me or for you?
Look, I apologize
if I gave you
the wrong impression,
but I never
left you hanging.
It felt
like you did.
It is easy to show support
when things are over.
I'm sorry.
My mind
has been made it.
To Luke,
for his valuable insight
on the DA's office, cheers.
Do you have any advice
on how to handle Maggie Palmer?
I have a case with her
starting next week.
Maggie hates
the smell of lavender.
Do you have
a nice lavender perfume?
Do I look like
I wear lavender perfume?
Okay, well,
she loses patience
when lawyers
take long pauses in court.
You want her to flip,
pause, pause a lot.
I can't believe we won.
Well, I guess
this proves that two heads
are better than one.
I can't believe
Bailey ate all those prunes.
I know
you didn't impress Lola
like you had wanted
but I'm sure
she'll give you another chance.
I wasn't trying
to impress Lola, Bozo.
I was trying
to impress you,
show you
I could be a family man.
Oh, slow
down there, mister.
Amy,
can we please
set a wedding date, please?
I have to get
divorced first.
The process takes time.
I think this has been
taking abnormally long,
don't you think?
I told you,
everything's been signed.
it is up
to the courts now.
You promised
you'd be patient.
I've been
insanely patient.
- So have I.
- Oh.
I'm on this waiting game
just as much as you are.
All right.
I'll leave it alone.
It's not
just the wedding.
I'm feeling pressure to--
I see you
with Bailey and I--
I'm afraid
you're going to...
want to start
a family right away.
And I'm not there yet.
I want to marry you. I do.
I just...
want to do it right.
Without--
without rushing.
Okay.
We can take it slow.
Real slow.
We won't go to trial.
And you can continue
your therapy here.
Maybe when I get out,
I'll enroll
in school, you know?
Do something
with my life.
Yeah.
I'll come back
when the paperwork is ready
for you to sign.
Thanks Miss Lopez.
Louise and Harry Collins.
What's going on?
What's happening?
You must be
Charlotte Collins.
- What is going on?
- Please step aside, ma'am.
What is going on?
Excuse me.
I'm her lawyer,
can you please tell me
- what is going on?
- I'm glad to hear
she's got a lawyer.
- She's going to need one.
- For what exactly?
Excuse me,
you can't just take them.
Ma'am, we are just
doing our job here.
You can sort this out
in the family court case.
Family court-- What?
What family court case?
What is she talking about?
What is this?
Mrs. Neal called
protective services.
- When?
- Days after the accident.
They came, they saw
that everything was fine.
And I thought that was it.
I didn't know they were still
looking into it.
I can't lose my children
Miss Lopez. I can't.
I know. Okay, okay.
Please,
you got to help us.
I will. I will. I will.
Hello.
I always hated
that I couldn't follow through
with my clients after trial.
But now
that I can it's--
No, no, no.
It's going to take time.
God, we're both
on a little uncharted
territory right now,
but we have each other
and I have
a lot of wine
to get through
so, you stay here
with me tonight, okay?
It's not even
a question, okay?
Yeah.
Here.
You know what?
I blame you for this, okay?
Because you didn't tell me
you were coming back,
and now I'm roommates
with a magician.
Of course you are.
Oh, you-- yeah.
You think you're funny?
♪ Sometimes it's too late
To make amends ♪
♪ Just hear me out
♪ Before you let it go
Something happened?
♪ There is one thing
Mm-hmm.
♪ For you to know
Sherri requested a transfer
to another judge.
Oh, baby.
♪ Don't have too much fun
♪ Try not to love no one